Documentation/media/uapi/dvb/fe-get-property.rst, before:

.. -*- coding: utf-8; mode: rst -*-

.. _FE_GET_PROPERTY:

**************************************
ioctl FE_SET_PROPERTY, FE_GET_PROPERTY
**************************************

Name
====

FE_SET_PROPERTY - FE_GET_PROPERTY - FE_SET_PROPERTY sets one or more frontend properties. - FE_GET_PROPERTY returns one or more frontend properties.


Synopsis
========

.. c:function:: int ioctl( int fd, FE_GET_PROPERTY, struct dtv_properties *argp )
    :name: FE_GET_PROPERTY

.. c:function:: int ioctl( int fd, FE_SET_PROPERTY, struct dtv_properties *argp )
    :name: FE_SET_PROPERTY


Arguments
=========

``fd``
    File descriptor returned by :ref:`open() <frontend_f_open>`.

``argp``
    pointer to struct :c:type:`dtv_properties`


Description
===========

All DVB frontend devices support the ``FE_SET_PROPERTY`` and
``FE_GET_PROPERTY`` ioctls. The supported properties and statistics
depends on the delivery system and on the device:

-  ``FE_SET_PROPERTY:``

   -  This ioctl is used to set one or more frontend properties.

   -  This is the basic command to request the frontend to tune into
      some frequency and to start decoding the digital TV signal.

   -  This call requires read/write access to the device.

   -  At return, the values are updated to reflect the actual parameters
      used.

-  ``FE_GET_PROPERTY:``

   -  This ioctl is used to get properties and statistics from the
      frontend.

   -  No properties are changed, and statistics aren't reset.

   -  This call only requires read-only access to the device.


Return Value
============

On success 0 is returned, on error -1 and the ``errno`` variable is set
appropriately. The generic error codes are described at the
:ref:`Generic Error Codes <gen-errors>` chapter.

Commit message:

media: dvb_frontend: fix return values for FE_SET_PROPERTY
commit 259a41d9ae8f3689742267f340ad2b159d00b302 upstream

There are several problems with regards to the return of
FE_SET_PROPERTY. The original idea were to return per-property
return codes via tvp->result field, and to return an updated
set of values.

However, that never worked. What's actually implemented is:

- the FE_SET_PROPERTY implementation doesn't call .get_frontend
  callback in order to get the actual parameters after return;

- the tvp->result field is only filled if there's no error.
  So, it is always filled with zero;

- FE_SET_PROPERTY doesn't call memdup_user() nor any other
  copy_to_user() function. So, any changes to the properties
  will be lost;

- FE_SET_PROPERTY is declared as a write-only ioctl (IOW).

While we could fix the above, it could cause regressions.

So, let's just assume what the code really does, updating
the documentation accordingly and removing the logic that
would update the discarded tvp->result.

Reviewed-by: Shuah Khan <shuahkh@osg.samsung.com>
Signed-off-by: Mauro Carvalho Chehab <mchehab@s-opensource.com>
Signed-off-by: Florian Fainelli <f.fainelli@gmail.com>
Signed-off-by: Greg Kroah-Hartman <gregkh@linuxfoundation.org>

Documentation/media/uapi/dvb/fe-get-property.rst, after:

.. -*- coding: utf-8; mode: rst -*-

.. _FE_GET_PROPERTY:

**************************************
ioctl FE_SET_PROPERTY, FE_GET_PROPERTY
**************************************

Name
====

FE_SET_PROPERTY - FE_GET_PROPERTY - FE_SET_PROPERTY sets one or more frontend properties. - FE_GET_PROPERTY returns one or more frontend properties.


Synopsis
========

.. c:function:: int ioctl( int fd, FE_GET_PROPERTY, struct dtv_properties *argp )
    :name: FE_GET_PROPERTY

.. c:function:: int ioctl( int fd, FE_SET_PROPERTY, struct dtv_properties *argp )
    :name: FE_SET_PROPERTY


Arguments
=========

``fd``
    File descriptor returned by :ref:`open() <frontend_f_open>`.

``argp``
    pointer to struct :c:type:`dtv_properties`


Description
===========

All DVB frontend devices support the ``FE_SET_PROPERTY`` and
``FE_GET_PROPERTY`` ioctls. The supported properties and statistics
depends on the delivery system and on the device:

-  ``FE_SET_PROPERTY:``

   -  This ioctl is used to set one or more frontend properties.

   -  This is the basic command to request the frontend to tune into
      some frequency and to start decoding the digital TV signal.

   -  This call requires read/write access to the device.

.. note::

   At return, the values aren't updated to reflect the actual
   parameters used. If the actual parameters are needed, an explicit
   call to ``FE_GET_PROPERTY`` is needed.

-  ``FE_GET_PROPERTY:``

   -  This ioctl is used to get properties and statistics from the
      frontend.

   -  No properties are changed, and statistics aren't reset.

   -  This call only requires read-only access to the device.


Return Value
============

On success 0 is returned, on error -1 and the ``errno`` variable is set
appropriately. The generic error codes are described at the
:ref:`Generic Error Codes <gen-errors>` chapter.
